what's up guys it's me Jeremy and today
I want to talk about getting out of elo
hell just before I start I want to
announce an awesome charity stream event
that i'll be hosting on this saturday
starting at 9am PST at twitch TV /
Jeremy underscore gaming curios we'll be
raising money for the children in Africa
and to encourage donations i'll be
giving away 3 riots in skins to donators
one for North America one for us and one
for the EU nordic used servers these
skins were very generously provided by
my friend Oliver at vile all skins calm
do was both a favor and check out his
site he sells rare law skins for some
pretty solid prices and he's even got a
sale going on on the human rise in
silver kale skins be sure to use the
code gaming curios that check out for a
full ten percent off of your entire
purchase so you can ensure that you're
getting a great price once again that's
bile all skins calm and hopefully we can
raise some money for the kids anyways
this is a video about LOL so let's get
started now I find that the concept of
elohel can be summed up in quite a
simple analogy now elohel is actually
very similar to real hell they really do
have quite a few similarities the first
is just like real hell LOL is simply
just an idea it's up to you whether or
not you want to believe it exists
there's nothing wrong with believing it
exists and there's nothing wrong with
believing it doesn't exist but the fact
is just like real hell is that it only
exists because you allow it to because
you believe in it elow hell exists
because you believe in it and when you
stop believing in it it stops existing
no one can decide if it exists for you
no one can make that decision people can
influence your ideals but no one has the
final say other than you just like real
hell now I personally believe that
neither of them exist but for the
purpose of this analogy I'll pretend
that I believe they do next is that just
like real hell yo hell is something that
you are in due to actions that are your
fault
can blame this and that and make excuses
but at the end of the day you're there
because of no one else but you it's your
fault this is exactly how elohel is now
not every game is winnable just like how
it isn't really possible to never do bad
things in your lifetime but at the end
of the day it's your overall actions and
your conscious choices that make you a
good person and it's your overall
playing skill level that will make you a
better player and allow you to win games
that is the key to rising out of elo
hell yes of course some games are
unwinnable but at the end of the day you
really do have a huge influence on every
single game you play and you need to
carry your games to win not just go even
Albert Einstein once said the world is a
dangerous place to live in not because
of the people who are evil but because
of the people who don't do anything
about it and this idea applies to elope
ellos well into your league of legends
games you can't just expect to go even
you need to be the active force in every
single one of your games in order to win
you do this by outperforming your direct
opponent and when I say I'll perform I
mean you need to win as hard as you
possibly can if you win by ten CS and
Lane it's such a negligible difference
it's absurd that's a difference of
around 200 gold or so now you didn't
lose but at the same time you're not
really being that active force that you
need to be in order to win now if you
win by say 30 CS imma kill that's much
better that's a difference of 900 gold
or so but even that isn't enough to
carry a game your direct opponent will
still be able to beat you in duels
probably as a 900 goal difference really
isn't that much now let's say I beat my
opponent by five kills 50 CS and take
their tower in Lane that's going to be a
difference of about 3,000 gold if you
account for debt streets and factor in
the global goal of the tower now I'm
sure any of you can agree that creating
if three thousand gold lead for your
team is going to be pretty significant
and help them out a lot you need to be
that active force you need to create
that three thousand gold lead it doesn't
just happen automatically
if you don't do anything about it you're
not going to win and you're not going to
make your team better and that's what
you need to do to win wins are not
something that just happened there's
something that you earn and the ranking
system is designed to be like this
there's always going to be that bubble
where you might be good enough to beat
your direct opponent just to gain a few
hundred gold lead but not enough to
absolutely destroy them and that creates
the illusion of your teammates being at
fault for the laws but instead that is
just how the system is designed you need
to be able to carry games to get out of
the ranking you're in now there's always
going to be extremes on both ends such
as games that you feed and get carried
or games that are simply unwinnable and
that's okay you're crazy if you expect
to reach challenger in 100 games hell
even taking a hundred games decline a
single tier is already really really
good the current ranking system is
supposed to take a long time it's
supposed to keep you playing but in the
end the trolls and feeders will average
out if you are truly good enough to
climb out where you are now leave
Legends is of course a team game so
there's no denying that your teammates
do have an influence on the game but
that's not the right way to look at it
there's nothing you can do for your
teammates and nothing your teammates can
do for you once the game is over you
will likely never even play with them
again because of this you need to look
at the bigger picture it doesn't matter
what your teammates do it doesn't matter
how they play in the end that is all
arbitrary what does matter is how you
play and how you do that is what you
take with you into the next game and the
game after that and so on and so on the
only consistent factor that you have the
ability to influence in your games is
yourself so you need to focus on playing
your best and improving rather than how
your teammates are playing but there is
one way that you can influence your
teammates and that is communication
communication is literally the only
thing that you can do to influence your
teammates and as such should be done to
its fullest extent whenever necessary
this means giving them advice in a
friendly manner no passive aggressive
as that is basically the same
as raging with goes without saying is a
terrible idea when you rage you just
make
and feel bad and put them down and it's
the same if you're being passive
aggressive with your advice it's tough
to remember that there is a real human
being on the other side of the computer
screen but there is so they deserve the
respect that you are expecting from them
anyways at the end of the day the key
thing to know about ehlo health is that
it only exists because you allow it to
no one but you can make it go away and
it's up to you to decide whether or not
you want to take that step improve your
mindset and become a better player my
name is Jeremy and that is it for my
video on rising out of elohel make sure
to check out the charity stream saturday
at 9am PST at twitch TV / Jeremy
underscore gaming curios and I'd love it
if you could support me with a like
please subscribe for my awesome content
the future we enjoyed this video and I'd
love it you could follow me on facebook
at facebook.com slash games and curios
as always thanks for watching and I'll
see you guys next time